Sweep, swept, swept.
Jane tries to sweep the floor daily.
Yesterday, she swept it twice.
She's swept the house every day since.
Swear, swore, sworn.
Max tries not to swear.
Yesterday, he swore when he dropped his phone.
He's sworn not to do it again.
Swim, swam.
Swum.
Lily loves to swim in the ocean.
Last week, she swam with dolphins.
She's swum every summer since then.
Swing, swung, swung.
Tom wants to swing higher.
Yesterday, he swung so high he nearly
fell off.
He's swung on that swing many times.
Teach.
Taught.
Jane loves to teach her little brother.
Yesterday, she taught him to read.
She's taught him many things since.
Tear.
Tore.
Torn.
Max tries not to tear his clothes.
Yesterday, he tore his shirt while
climbing a tree.
He's torn more clothes before.
Throw.
Threw.
Throne.
Sam loves to throw a football.
Yesterday, he threw it across the yard.
He's thrown it many times before.
Wake.
Woke.
Woken.
Kate tries to wake up early.
Yesterday, she woke up at dawn.
She's woken up early all week.
Wear.
Wore.
Worn.
Lily likes to wear bright colors.
Yesterday, she wore a red dress.
She's worn many colorful outfits this month.
Weep.
Wept.
Tom tries not to weep at movies
. Last time, he wept during a sad scene.
He's wept at many movies before.
Weep.